 --------- page: 0, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
D C

Dimensions ;
AMECATH Instructions for use
Ref.
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 Device Description:
AMECATH Central Venous Catheters are Radiopaque and made from polyurethane. The
Issue catheter tip is tapered with softer material.
AMECATH Central Venous Catheters are single or multilumen catheters for adult and pediatric use.
2 AMECATH Central Venous Catheters are placed centrally or peripherally. The adult catheters
range includes catheters that resist high injection pressure.
Date *Pressure capable catheters feature a pressure resistant lumen (marked PRESSURE)

AMECATH Central Venous Catheters recommended to be cannulated centrally through: the
19-04-2022 right internal and external jugular veins, the left internal and external jugular veins, the subclavian
veins; the femoral veins or peripherally.

Comments For Adult Central Venous Catheters: Catheters size ranges between 5 Fr to 9 Fr and length
ranges between 15 Cm to 60 Cm.

For Adult Pressure Resistant Central Venous Catheters: Catheters size ranges between 6 Fr to
9 Fr and length ranges between 15 Cm to 20 Cm

For Pediatric Central venous catheters: Catheters size ranges between 2 Fr to 6 Fr and length
ranges between 5 Cm to 30 Cm

AMECATH Central Venous Catheters are available in different designs and Kit configurations
to cover all customer needs

Device construction:

Catheter Types

* Adult Central venous Catheters
* Pediatric Central Venous Catheters

List of Accessories:

Introducer Needle
Syringe

Guide Wire

Vessel Dilator

Scalpel

Introducer over needle
Guiding syringe
Guiding Y connector
End valves (V)

EKG cable (E)

Fixation wings

Over the Needle Peel Away Introducer

Ref: TD-INV-CVC4FU-101
Issue 7

Designed by:

(… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval

Aalimeud

 --------- page: 1, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
N C

Bimenstans AMECATH Instructions for use
a —
A5S
Intended Use:
Ref. The Central Venous Catheter is a sterile, single use device indicated to permit short term (<30
days) central venous access for the treatment of diseases or conditions requiring central venous
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 access, including, but not limited to the following:
Lack of usable peripheral IV catheter.
Issue Central venous pressure monitoring.
Total parental nutrition (TPN).
Multiple infusions of fluids, medication, or chemotherapy.
Freguent blood sampling or receiving blood transfusion/blood products.
Infusion that are hypertonic, hyperosmolar or infusion that have divergent PH values
Comments Powerful injection of contrast media - pressure typgs 'ONLY (catheter reference start by
the letter PR) where pressure may not exceed 300 psi.
Contraindications:
The central venous catheters are contraindicated in case of:
In patients with bleeding disorders
When the presence of another device related infection, bacteraemia or septicemia is
known or suspected
If severe chronic obstructive lung disease exists
I previous episodes of venous thrombosis or vascular surgical procedure at the prospective
insertion site have occurred
Local tissue factors which may prevent proper devices stabilization andor access, like
allergic reaction, or any dermatological disease
Warnings and Precautions
For single product and patient use only. Do not re-use, reprocess or re-sterilize. Do not use
catheter or accessories ¡f any sign of product damage is visible.
Reprocessing or Re-sterilization may damage the catheter and affect its integrity which
may when re-used lead to sever deterioration in health and safety of patients.
Product expiration date is identified on product label.
Do not use non pressure resistant catheter for contrast media injection otherwise the catheter
may rupture and leak. For this special purpose, use a pressure resistant type catheter.
The catheter does not have any metallic components and can be exposed to various
environmental conditions including thermal ignition source (during MRI) as long as no
metal component is attached to it.
The insertion technique has a significant influence on the complications and outcome
of the catheter. Implantation must be performed by a competent and experienced
catheter insertion team. Inexperienced personnel should not be permitted to perform the
implantation except under the direct supervision of an experienced physician or surgeon.
Be sure that you are familiar with the possible complications and emergency measures are
known and available ¡f any occur.
Patient requiring ventilation support is at great risk of pneumothorax during subclavian
vein cannulation.
Over advancement of guide wire can result in serious injuries or arrhythmias.
Use the marking over the guide wire or over the dispenser to determine the advanced length.
Do not advance the guide wire or catheter if unusual elastic resistance is encountered. Do
not insert or withdraw the guide wire forcibly from any component. The wire could break
or unravel, in which case both the catheter and guide wire must be removed simultaneously.
Over advancement of the catheter can result in serious injury or arrhythmias.
Use the marking on the catheter to determine the advanced length.
Ref: TD-INV-CVC4FU-D]
Issue.2
Designed by:

(9… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval
 --------- page: 2, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
N C

Dimensions

AMECATH Instructions for use
XX_/

A5S

Use 10 ml or greater syringe to flush the catheter to reduce risk of exceeding the pressure
Ref. capacity of the catheter. If resistance is felt during flushing, no further attempt should be

made. Further flushing could result in catheter rupture with possible leakage or immobilization.

The pressure CVC is the only catheters to be used for powerful injection. Do not attempt to use
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 the non-pressure multi-lumen catheter in this procedure as it may result in catheter rupture

and high risk to the patient. The correct lumen is marked “PRESSURE” ¡e.: Use of lumens not

marked “Pressure” for power injection of contrast media may cause failure of the catheter.
Issue Failure to ensure patency of the catheter prior to power injection studies may result in

catheter failure.

Failure to warm contrast media to body temperature prior to power injection may result

in catheter failure.

Power injector machine pressure limiting feature may not prevent over pressurization of
Comments an occluded catheter which may lead to catheter failure.

Exceeding the maximum flow rate of 10 ml/sec or the maximum pressure of power injectors

of 300 ps.i. may result in catheter failure andér tip dislodgement.

In the rare event that a hub or connector separates from any component during the

insertion or use, take all necessary steps and Precautions to prevent blood loss or air

embolism and remove the catheter immediately.

The catheters should not be placed in patient for more than 4 weeks.

Only physician familiar with the technique should perform the catheter removal.

Always review hospital protocols, possible complications and their treatments, precautions

and warning.

Do not use sharp instruments near the extension line or tubing. Do not use scissors to remove

dressing, as this could possibly cut or damage catheter. Do not suture through any part of

the catheter. Catheter tubing can tear when subjected to excessive force or rough edges.

Use only smooth jawed forceps for clamping. Clamping the catheter repeatedly in the

same spot could weaken the tubing. Change the position of the clamp regularly to prolong

the life of the catheter. Avoid clamping near the adapter and hub of the catheter. Do not

clamp the lumen portion of the catheter. Clamp only the extensions. Examine tubing for

damage at the end of each treatment.

Tape injection caps (or other types used) between treatments to safeguard them against

accidental removal.

It is recommended that only luer lock (threaded) connections be used with the catheter

(including syringes, IV tubing, and injection caps). Repeated over tightening of syringes,

and caps will reduce connector life and could lead to potential connector failure. Inspect

the catheter frequently for nicks, scrapes, cuts, etc. which could impair its performance.

The position of the tip of any central catheter should be verified

Always be sure that the catheter tip is in the superior vena cava and has not entered into

the right atrium to avoid possible arrhythmias or mural injury.

Ultrasound should be used in the placement of catheters.

Do not use absolute alcohol or acetone based product on the catheter. 2% chlorhexidine

or lodine based solution is recommended as antiseptic solution.

Itis not recommended to use ointments especially antimicrobial ointments or solutions on

catheters as it may cause its degradation.

Over tightening of catheter luers may lead to its failure.

If any resistance is felt, then the needle should be pulled out with the wire still inside and

the procedure repeated. This reduces the risk of entangling of the guide wire or its end

being cut off by the needle tip.

The valve of the guiding syringe should be opened by the guide wire advancer tip. Do not

attempt passing the guide wire.

The methods of application are variable, and could be modified by the Physician according

to his own experience.

Ref: TD-INV-CVC4FU-101
Issue 7

Designed by:

(9… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval

 --------- page: 3, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
X_,/

Dimensions "
AMECATH Instructions for use
N
A5
Complications

Ref.

Early Potential Complications: Late Potential Complications:
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 * Arterial puncture * Venous thrombosis

Bleeding * Cardiac perforation and tamponade

Issue Cardiac arrhythmias * Infection

Injury to the thoracic duct * Hydrothorax
Injury to surrounding nerves
Air embolism

Catheter embolus

Comments Pneumothorax

How Supplied:

AMECATH Central Venous Catheter is a sterile, single-use Medical device

Each AMECATH Central Venous Catheter Kit is packed in a PETG hard blister covered with
Tyvek

Each carton box includes 10 AMECATH Central Venous Catheter Kits

AMECATH Central Venous Catheter method of application

Before cannulation, you should consider the following

Patient Evaluation Prior to Access Placement:

Consideration Relevance

Previous placement of a CVC is associated with central
venous stenosis.

History of previous CVC

There is a correlation between pacemaker use and

HIstory af pacemalier use central venous stenosis.

Diabetes mellitus is associated with damage to

History of diabetes mellitus
vasculature necessary for internal accesses.

History of anticoagulant therapy or any Abnormal coagulation may cause clotting or problems
coagulation disorder with haemostasis of access site..

Previously failed vascular accesses will limit available sites
History of vascular access for access; the cause of a previous failure may influence
planned access if the cause is still present.

Rate of infection associated with specific access types

History of heart valve disease or prosthesis | uc e o

History of previous arm, neck, or chest Vascular damage associated with previous surgery or
surgery/trauma trauma may limit viable access sites.

Ref: TD-INV-CVC4FLHD]
ssue. 7

Designed by:

f .. T
(… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval

Aalimeud

 --------- page: 4, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
x__/

Dimensions

A5

Ref.
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1

Issue

Comments

Designed by:

Mimed
Aalimeud

AMECATH Instructions for use
x__,

General preparation to obtain central access

The basic preparation and equipment that is required for venous cannulation is the same
regardless of the route or technique chosen. Clinicians who insert central venous catheter
should be taught the technique by an experienced colleague.

Equipments required for venous access

* Sterile pack and antiseptic solution
Local anesthetic; e.g. >5ml lignocaine 1% solution
Appropriate CV catheter
Syringes and needles
Saline or heparinized saline to prime and flush the line after insertion
Suture in case of fixation by suturing is determined e.g. 2/0 silk on a straight needle
Sterile dressing
Shaving equipment for the area if massive hairs (especially the femoral)
Facility for Chest X-ay

General technique for all routes
General Steps:
Catheterize the patient in the usual manner.

Central Venous Catheters to be connected via its end to the extension line or the
stopcock.Extension line or stopcock to be connected to the infusion set.

1. Confirm that central venous access is needed and select the most appropriate
route. Explain the procedure to the patient.

Shave the needle insertion area ¡f very hairy.

Using a strict aseptic technique, prepare and check all the equipment for use.

Read instructions with the catheter.

Sterilize the skin and drape the area.

Infiltrate the skin and deeper tissues with local anesthetic. In cases where

difficulty is anticipated use the small local anesthetic needle to locate the vein

before using the larger needle. This reduces the risk of trauma to other structures.
. Position the patient as for the specific route described - avoid long periods of
head down, particularly in patients with difficulty in breathing.

Identify the anatomical landmarks for the chosen route and insert the needle

at the recommended point. After the needle has penetrated the skin, aspirate

gently whilst advancing the needie as directed until the vein is entered.

71. f the vein is not found, slowly withdraw the needle whilst gently aspirating;
often the vein has been collapsed and transfixed by the entry of the needle.

7.2. In case of using an over needle catheter, pull out the needle and leave the
catheter in place inside the vein

. Advance a guide wire (Seldinger technique), into the needle (or catheter if used)
to the vein, flexible J-shape end first, then remove the needle (or the catheter)
leaving the guide wire in the vein. Please monitor the marks on the guide wire
to know the length of its advanced part.

8.1. 1f any resistance is felt then the needle should be pulled out with the wire
still inside, and the procedure repeated. This reduces the risk of entangling
of the guide wire or its end being cut off by the needle tip.

. Advance the guide wire equivalent length to the desired position of the catheter tip

Ref: TD-INV-CVCFU-101
Issue 7

Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval
 --------- page: 5, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
N C

Dimensions

AMECATH Instructions for use
—

A5S

9.1.An EKG lead attached to the end of the guide wire can confirmiits tip location

Ref. at the right atrium through monitoring of an elevation of the P wave.
* In case of using the guide wire syringe: while maintaining a firm grip on
the syringe, push the guide wire advancer tip into the syringe until it passes
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 through the valve. Once the advancer tip opens the valve, advance the guide
wire all through the syringe (to the inside of the attached introducer needle
*In case of using the guide wire Y connector, the connector is to be connected
Issue between the needle and the syringe. Push the guide wire advancer tip into
the connector valve arm until it passes through the valve. Once the advancer
tip opens the valve, advance the guide wire to the inside of the attached

introducer needle.

9.2 the valve of the guide wire syringe or guide wire Y connector should be
Comments opened by the guide wire advancer tip. Do not attempt passing the guide
wire before opening the valve by the advancer tip otherwise the wire may be

kinked or destroyed.

. lt is necessary to dilate up the hole in the skin. Use the scalpel, with the blade
facing away from the guide wire, and make a small incision in the skin and fascia
where the guide wire enters the patient. Thread the dilator over the wire into
the vein with a twisting motion. Excessive force should not be needed. Remove
the dilator taking care not to dislodge the guide wire.

. Thread the CV catheter over the guide wire until the end of the wire protrudes
from the end of the catheter and whilst holding the wire still advance the
catheter into the vein. Attention should be taken not to allow the wire to
be pushed further into the vein whilst advancing the catheter. Advance the
catheter to the length determined anatomically or to the length determined
through the use of EKG lead if used. Remove the guide wire once the catheter
is fully advanced. The catheter position should be confirmed with chest X-ray.

. Check that blood can be aspirated freely from all lumens of the catheter and
flush with saline.

. Secure the catheter in place with the suture and cover with a sterile dressing.
Tape any redundant tubing carefully avoiding any kinking or loops which may
snag and pull out the catheter.

14. Connect catheter to a bag of intravenous fluid or flush both lumen with
appropriate anti thrombotic.

Checks before using the catheter

* Ensure fluid runs in freely and that blood flows freely back.

* IF available, take a chest X-ray (ideally erect) to check the position of the catheter
tip and to exclude a pneumo, hydro or haemothorax. An early radiograph may not
show up abnormalities and it may be best to wait 34 hours unless symptoms develop.
Ensure that the patient will be nursed and their catheter can be supervised. Give
appropriate written instructions regarding how, and what it is to be used for,
and who to contact if there is a problem.

Checks before using the Pressure CvC Catheter (catheter reference start b
he l r PR) for contrast media injection:

Attach a 10 ml or larger syringe filled with sterile normal saline.

Aspirate for adequate blood return and vigorously flush the catheter with the
FUlO mi of sterile normal saline.

Detach the syringe.

Attach the power injection device to the catheter pressure tube identified by
color and marked “pressure”

Contrast media should be warmed to body temperature prior to power injection.

Ref: TD-INV-CVC4FUHD]
Issue.7

Designed by:

(9… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval

Aalimeud

 --------- page: 6, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
x__/

Dimensions

AMECATH Instructions for use
x_/

A5

Use only lumens marked “Pressure” for power injection of contrast media.
Ref. Complete power injection study taking care not to exceed the flow rates. Do
not exceed the maximum flow rate of 10 ml/sec.
Disconnect the power injection device
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 Flush the catheter with 10 ml of sterile normal saline, using a 10 ml or larger
syringe. In addition, lock each lumen of the catheter with heparinized saline.

Usually 1 ml per lumen is adequate.
Issue Ympe -

Practical problems common to most techniques of insertion

Usually obvious, but it may be missed in a patient who is hypoxic or
hypotensive. Arterial pulsation might be seen in the inner lumen of
the guiding syringe. If unsure, connect a length of manometer tubing
to the needle / catheter and look for blood flow which goes higher
than 30cm vertically or is strongly pulsatile. Withdraw the needle and
apply firm direct pressure to the site for at least 10 minutes or longer f
there is continuing bleeding. If there is minimal swelling then retry or
change to a different route

Comments

Arterial puncture

Hf airis easily aspirated into the syringe (note that this may also occur
¡f the needle is not firmly attached to the syringe) or the patient starts
to become breathless, abandon the procedure at that site. Obtain a
chest radiograph and insert an intercostal drain if pneumothorax is
confirmed. If central access is absolutely necessary, then try another
route ON THE SAME SIDE or either femoral vein. DO NOT attempt
either the subclavian or jugular on the other side in order to avoid
bilateral pneumothoraxes

Suspected pneumothorax

Usually from the cetheter or the wire being inserted too far (into the

Arrhythmias during the right atrium or ventricle. Itis advisable to select the proper length for

procedure each patient. Slight withdrawal of the wire or catheter usually stops
arrhythmias.

This can occur, especially in the hypo-volaemic patient who is
breathing spontaneously, ¡f the needle is left in the vein whilst

Air embolus open to the air. Itis easily prevented by ensuring that the patient is
positioned in the Trendelenburg position (for jugular and subclavian
routes) and that the guide-wire is passed down the needle promptly

Check that the needie is still in the vein. Flush it with saline. Try
angling the needle so the end of it lies more along the plane of the
vessel. Rotate the needle in case the end lies against a vessel wall.
Reattach the syringe and aspirate to check that vou are still in the
vein. If the wire has gone through the needle but will not pass down
the vein it should be very gently pulled back. If any resistance is felt,
then the needie should be pulled out with the wire still l
the procedure repeated. This reduces the risk of the
wire being cut off by the needle tip..
Apply firm direct pressure with a sterile dressing. Bleeding should
Persistent bleeding at the usually stop unless there is a coagulation abnormality. Persistent
entry side severe bleeding may require surgical exploration if there is an arterial
or venous tear

The wire will not thread
down the needile

Causes of Early Catheter Dysfunction

Mechanical compression (pinch off syndrome in subclavian catheter)

Malposition of catheter tip

Kinks

Side holes' occlusion due to clotting or fibrin sheath formation or stuck to vein wall.
Drug precipitation (some antibody locks or IV IgG)

Loss of catheter integrity by infection

Ref: TD-INV-CVC4FU-101
Issue 7

Designed by:

(9… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval

 --------- page: 7, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
x__/

Dimensions 1
AMECATH Instructions for use
Methods that should be used to treat a dysfunctional or non-functional
Ref. catheter include:

* Repositioning of a malpositioned catheter.

TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 « Use of thrombolytic, as per hospital protocol.
* All catheter-related infections, except for catheter exit-site infections, should be
addressed by initiating parenteral treatment with an antibiotic(s) appropriate for the
Issue organism(s) suspected.
Definitive antibiotic therapy should be based on the organism(s) isolated.
Catheters should be exchanged as soon as possible and within 72 hours of initiating
antibiotic therapy in most instances, and such exchange does not require a negative
blood culture result before the exchange. Follow-up cultures are needed 1 week after
Comments cessation of antibiotic therapy.

Care of the Central Venous Catheter

* Use an aseptic technique when inserting the catheter and any subsequent injections

or changing fluid lines

Keep the entry site covered with a dry sterile dressing

Ensure the line is well secured to prevent movement (this can increase risks of infection

and clot formation).

Change the catheter if there are signs of infection at the site.

Remember to remove the catheter as soon as it is no longer needed. The longer the

catheter is left in, the greater the risks of sepsis and thrombosis .
Some people suggest changing a catheter every 7 days to reduce the risks of catheter related
sepsis and thrombosis. However, providing that the catheter is kept clean (sterile injections
and connections) and there are no signs of systemic sepsis, routine replacement may not be
necessary. Repeated cannulation to change lines on a routine basis, rather than based on
clinical need, can increase the risks to the patient.

Catheter removal
Warnings:

« Only physician familiar with the technique should attempt the removal.
* Always review hospital protocols, possible complications and their treatments,
precautions and warning.

Remove any dressing and suture material. Ask the patient to take a breath and fully exhale.
Remove the catheter with a steady pull while the patient is in breath holding and apply firm
pressure to the puncture site for at least 5 minutes to stop the bleeding. Excessive force
should not be needed to remove the catheter. If it does not come out, try rotating ¡t whilst
pulling gentiy. If this still fails, cover it with a sterile dressing and ask an experienced person
for advice.

N.B for further information on luer connections, please refer to latest version of BS EN ISO 80369-7

Description of marking system

The catheter tube is marked for effective length in numerical number every 5 centimetres and
dot every one centimetre however the first 5 cm is not marked.

CO S S

Ref: TD-INV-CVC4FUHD]
ssue.7

Designed by:

(9… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval

 --------- page: 8, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
x_'/

Dimensions AMECATH Instructions for use
A5 X_/

Product Variants:
Ref.

For variants of AMECATH Central Venous Catheters , Kindly refer to the catalogue, visit our
website on “www.amecathgroup.com”, or contact your nearest AMECATH representative.

TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1

Issue 1. Adult Central Venous Catheter Kits
Code Structure: CnLC-xxII-K0000

N: number of Lumens
S: for Single Lumen Catheter D: for Dual Lumen Catheter
Comments T: for Triple Lumen Catheter Q for Quadra Lumen Catheter
P: for Penta Lumen catheter
Xx: for Catheter size in Fr.
LI: for Catheter Length in cm.

0000: Variable Kit Configurations with Different Contents as per below table

Reference E

- Single/Multi Lumen Adult Central Venous Catheter
- Introducer Needle xx G yy CM

-5 ec Syringe

Cal.C-xxll -KN - Nitinol Guide Wire XX” YY cm with Dispenser

- Scalpel XX

- Vessel Dilator XX

- Fixation Wing

Pressure resistant catheters are available. Please add PR before the code (PRCnLC-0xI-KN)
Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (Cnl CxxIl-KN-A / PRCNLCxI-KN-A)

- Single/Multi Lumen Adult Central Venous Catheter
- Introducer Needle xx G yCM

+ 5 ec Guiding Syringe

- Nitinol Guide Wire XX" YY em With Dispenser

- Scalpel XX

- Vessel Dilator XX

+ Fixation Wing

Pressure resistant catheters are available. Please add PR before the code (PRCNLC-XxI-KGSN)
Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (Cnl C-xxI-KGSN-A / PRCNLC-XxXI-KGSN-A)

Ref: TD-INV-CVC-4FU-101
Issue.7

Designed by:

| P n
(… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval

Aalimeud

 --------- page: 9, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
X_//

Dimensions ;
AME( A | H Instructions for use
A5 -
Contents
Reference
Ref.
+ Single/Multi Lumen Adult Central Venous Catheter
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 - Introducer Needle xx G yyCM
- 5 ec Syringe
- Nitinol Guide Wire XX" YY cm With Dispenser
Issue CnLC-xxdl -KGYN P
+ Scalpel XX
- Vessel Dilator XX
- Fixation Wing
- Guiding Y Connector
Comments
Pressure resistant catheters are available. Please add PR before the code (PRCNIC-XKxII-KGYN)
Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (Cnl C-xxI-KGYN-A / PRCnl Codl-KGYN-A)
+ Single/Multi Lumen Adult Central venous Catheter
- Over the Needle Catheter
- Introducer Needile xx G yyCM
+ 5 cc Guiding Syringe
- Nitinol Guide Wire XX" YY cm With Dispenser
CnLC- xxI-KGSNO
+ Scalpel XX
- Vessel Dilator XX
- Fixation Wing
- Injection Cap
- Transparent Catheter Fixation Adhesive
Pressure resistant catheters are not available for KGSNO kit
Catheter available in single, dual and triple lumen only.
Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (CnLC-xxI-KGSNO-A)
2. Pediatric Central venous Catheter Kits
Code Structure: CnLC-xxII-KP000
N: number of Lumens
S: for Single Lumen Catheter D: for Dual Lumen Catheter
1: for Triple Lumen Catheter Q: for Quadra Lumen Catheter
Xx: for Catheter size in Fr.
Li: for Catheter Length in cm.
'0000: Variable Kit Configurations with Different Contents as per below table
Ref: TDINV-CVE4FU-D1
Issue. 2
Designed by:

| P P
Óº… Marketing Approval Marketing Approval RA Approval

Aalimeud
 --------- page: 10, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 Dimensions

A5

Ref.
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1

Issue

Comments

Designed by:

Mimed
Aalimeud

AMECATH
x_/

Instructions for

Reference

Contents

- Pediatric Single/Multi Lumen Lumen Central Venous Catheter
+ Introducer Needle xx G yyCM

* 5 eC Syringe

*J - End Nitinol Guide Wire XX" YY cm With Dispenser

+ Scalpel XX

- Vessel Dilator XX

- Fixation Wing

- Injection Caps

Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (CnLC-xxII-KP-A)

- Pediatric Single Lumen Central Venous Catheter
- Peel Away Over the Needie

* Measuring Tape

- T-Connector With stiffener wire

Single lumen catheter only available.

CnLC- xxI-KP**

+ Pediatric Single / Dual Lumen Central Venous Catheter
- Introducer Needle xx G yyCM

* 5 ec Syringe

+J-End Nitinol Guide Wire XX” YY cm With Dispenser

- Peel Away Over Dilator

- Measuring Tape

- T-Connector With Stiffener Wire

Catheter available in single and dual lumen oniy.
Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (Cnl C-xxIl- KP*+*-A)

CnC xxIl -KPO

Pediatric Single/Multi Lumen Central Venous Catheter
- Over the Needle Catheter

+ 5 ec Syringe

- J-End Nitinol Guide Wire XX” YY cm With Dispenser

+ Scalpel XX

* Vessel Dilator XX

- Fixation Wing

Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (CnLC-xxIl- KPO-A)

Ref: TD-INV-CVC4FU-101
Issue 7

Ty
Marketing Approval Marketing Approval

RA Approval
 --------- page: 11, documento: ./docs/AM-CVC.pdf -----------
 AMECATH
x_/

Dimensions ;
AME( A | H Instructions for use
A5
Contents
Reference
Ref.
- Pediatric Single/Multi Lumen Central Venous Catheter
TD-INV-CVC-IFU-10.1 + Introducer Needle xx G yyCM
- 5 ec Syringe
* J-End Nitinol Guide Wire XX” YY cm With Dispenser
Issue
+ Scalpel XX
- Vessel Dilator XX
- Fixation Wing
- Guiding Y Connector
Comments
Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (CnlC-xxI- KPGY-A)
- Pediatric Single/Multi Lumen Central Venous Catheter
- Introducer Needle xx G yyCM
- 5 ec Syringe
J - End Nitinol Guide Wire XX” YY cm With Dispenser
- Scalpel XX
- Vessel Dilator XX
- Fixation Wing
- Neutral Valves
Catheter available in single, dual and triple lumen ony.
Guide wire with advancer is available. Please add A after the code (CnIC-xxll- KPV-A)
Storage and Product Safe Disposal
Store at room controlled temperature.
Do not expose to organic solvents, ionizing radiation or ultraviolet light.
Rotate inventory so that catheters are used prior to expiration date on the package label.
Used product should be disposed in sanitary container to prevent possible contamination
and cross infection.
In case of any questions or queries, Kindly contact the local Authorised Representative or visit
AMECATH website on : “www.amecathgroup.com”
In case of any Adverse event, Contact your local Health Authority immediately.
STERLE] C €
2797
AMECO MEDICAL INDUSTRIES OBELISSA
Industrial Zone B4 - Plot T19 East. Bd. Général Wahis, 53
T0th of Ramadan City - Egypt 1030 Brussels - BELGIUM
Tel: -20 5545 01321/2- Fax: 20554501224 Tel:=322.7325954 | Fax:=32.2.732.60.03
supporteamecathgroup.com | www amecathgroup.com maileobelis.net | www.obelis.net
Ref: TDINV-CVE4FU-D1
Issue. 2
Designed by:

Mimed
Aalimeud

Marketing Approval

Marketing Approval

RA Approval
